## What was your biggest coding challenge this quarter, and how did you overcome it?
My biggest coding challenge that I have faced this quarter was trying to implement the test with the Moq mock framework because at first, I could not understand how I approach it without breaking the code. I did overcome that coding challenge by asking for some help or reading the books or the documentation for the Moq framework.
## What design decision are you most proud of?
The design decision that I am most proud of was refactoring into smaller class or file because it would help me keep my project clean and organized and make the code easier to maintain without ever breaking a feature that I do not want it to break.
## How did TDD shape the way you approached building this app?
TDD does help shape the way I have built the Assignment Management System because it makes the code structure easier to maintains, test the specific features like AddAssignments, UpdateAssignments, and DeleteAssignments. It also helps me shape the way I build the app because I could find the bug that I was not caught before than without writing the unit test or integration tests. It also does help me how I could build the app with the structures and testing framework for the future side project that I have in mind and improve my project that I have built from before this quarter by writing tests for each methods and separate the class that is handling too many responsibilities which can violate the S portion of SOLID principles.
## What advice would you give your past self at the start of this course?
The advice that I would give my past self at the start of this course would be learning as many programming languages that are going to be used as you can like C#, JavaScript, TypeScript, HTML, CSS, C, C+, Rust, and others before starting the course. Another piece of advice that I would give my past self at the start of this course was to work on time management and not work on assignments at the last minute. It can be todo list, bullet journal, or others.
